- [Narrator] Now that we have plugged in the
log in interceptor in our H plus application.
We are free to execute the remaining pieces
of this demo.
But before that let's take a quick look at
how do you access the session and request
attributes in your Spring MVC application.
Now generally in a web application, storing
data in HTTP session and request objects is
a very common practice.
When you have an incoming request, which could
go to multiple controllers you need to
access data across those controllers until
the request gets completed.
That data will alive until the request is
completed processing.
Similarly you can also store data in the
HTTP session object which will be
available across multiple requests
until the session terminates.
So playing around in floating data
in request and session objects is
quite an integral part of any web
application.
So how do you do that in Spring MVC?
There is an annotation call @SessionAttributes.
This will allow you to store an entire model of
your application.
This one is going be attached to a class level,
along with the name of the model that you want to
store the data for.
We are going to exhibit this in one of our
(unintelligible) of videos.
Next is now that you know how to store data
using session attributes annotation.
How do you retrieve it?
Simple, @Sessionattribute is the annotation
to do that.
So this is going to be our dash to the
argument of you meta signature inside the
controller and then you provide the name
of the attribute that you are accessing
and it will allow you to extract that value from
the session inside your controller logic.
Similar thing happens for the request attributes.
So whatever data you store in the form of request
attributes can be accessed on a meta signature
argument with @Requestattribute annotation.
Again, this will take in a name and then you
can extract the value for that particular attribute.